= purdytest

* http://github.com/tenderlove/purdytest

== DESCRIPTION:

Purdytest extends minitest with pretty colors.  Simply require minitest, then
require purdytest, and you have colorific output on your terminal!

For colorized diff output, make sure you have `colordiff` installed.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* It works! (I think)
* If you want colored diffs, make sure you have
  [colordiff](http://colordiff.sourceforge.net/) installed.  You can usually
  install colordiff via `brew install colordiff` or `port install colordiff`.

* [HERE IS A VIDEO]

== SYNOPSIS:

    require 'minitest/autorun' # from minitest
    require 'purdytest'

    describe 'my amazing test' do
      # generate many green dots!
      50.times do |i|
        it "must #{i}" do
          100.must_equal 100
        end
      end

      # generate some red Fs!
      2.times do |i|
        it "compares #{i} to #{i + 1}" do
          i.must_equal i + 1
        end
      end

      it 'does stuff and shows a diff' do
        [1,2,3,4,5].must_equal %w{ a quick brown fox jumped over something! }
      end

      it 'does stuff and shows yellow' do
        skip "don't care!"
      end
    end

Output color can be somewhat configured via +Purdytest.configure+:

    require 'minitest/autorun' # from minitest
    require 'purdytest'

    Purdytest.configure do |io|
      io.pass = :blue
    end

    describe 'my amazing test' do
      # generate many green dots!
      50.times do |i|
        it "must #{i}" do
          100.must_equal 100
        end
      end
    end

For a list of possible configuration options, just check out the purdytest
source code.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* minitest
* [colordiff](http://colordiff.sourceforge.net/)

== INSTALL:

* gem install purdytest
* brew install colordiff

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Aaron Patterson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
